# Neural Networks Agent - Part 1

## Description

In the lecture, we discussed the usage of neural networks for playing our mockup game. In this exercise, you will use the data provided by us. You will use this data in order to train a neural network. With this neural network, you will create a neural network agent.

We will test your neural network agent against three different agents.

an agent based on a score function
a random agent
a k-armed bandit agent
The game will be played on a 5x5 board, using an L-shaped objective in four different orientations:

xxxx
x...

x.
x.
x.
xx

...x
xxxx	xx
.x
.x
.x

The grade for this exercise is based on several criteria:

How strong is your agent?
How robust is your agent?
Is your agent based on a neural network?
The primary goal is to show that you understand how to train and use neural networks in the context of reinforcement learning.

## How to use the code

See the Bandit agent assignment for a description of the main files and how to use them.

We added two options to the program to help with using training data.

--output <filename>: write all the games played to the indicated file. Note that the data will be appended to the file; it does not overwrite any existing content. Also note that using this option disables the use of parallel computation.
--input: read a set of games from a file generated by the --output option. In the main method of main.py, it will read all the data into a list. Each item in the list is a tuple (winner id, game), and each game is a list of tuples (player, move, board) for each turn in the game, containing the player who made a move, the position he played, and an array containing the board state.
For the neural networks, you should use either the tensorflow or pytorch libraries. Please consult us first if you have some compelling reason to use a different library.

## Benchmarks

We will test your code on five different cases. Here we give you the results of two test cases. Both of these cases will also be used. The cases were as follows:

Random agent
Score-based agent
In the table below, we show the performance of our agent on these test cases. The format is wins/losses/draws.

case 1	case 2
99 / 0 / 1	48 / 0 / 52

Your agent will also be tested against a bandit agent. We don't give you this benchmark for several reasons. First, it might be misleading as your bandit agent may perform much better or worse. Secondly, it is part of the challenge to deal with this uncertainty.

If you perform as well as our neural network agent on all test cases you will get a 10. We will give you a description of our score-based agent on Saturday the 15th, i.e. after the deadline for the score function.

## Submission

Please submit the neural_network_agent.py file containing your agent, as well as any files it needs to initialise the neural network you trained.
