# Neural Networks Agent - Part 2

## Description

In the lecture, we discussed the usage of neural networks for playing our mockup game. In this exercise, you will create your own data. You will use this data in order to train a neural network. With this neural network, you will create a neural network agent.

We will test your neural network agent against three different agents.

an agent based on a score function
a random agent
a k-armed bandit agent
The game will be played on a 5x5 board, using an L-shaped objective in four different orientations:

xxx
..x


xx
x.
x.

x..
xxx	.x
.x
xx

The grade for this exercise is based on several criteria:

How strong is your agent?
How robust is your agent?
Is your agent based on a neural network?
The primary goal is to show that you understand how to train and use neural networks in the context of reinforcement learning.

In order to pass you should significantly outperform a random agent. We will also test it against bandit agents and a score function.

## How to use the code

See the Bandit agent assignment for a description of the main files and how to use them.

We added two options to the program to help with using training data.

--output <filename>: write all the games played to the indicated file. Note that the data will be appended to the file; it does not overwrite any existing content. Also note that using this option disables the use of parallel computation.
--input: read a set of games from a file generated by the --output option. In the main method of main.py, it will read all the data into a list. Each item in the list is a tuple (winner id, game), and each game is a list of tuples (player, move, board) for each turn in the game, containing the player who made a move, the position he played, and an array containing the board state.
For the neural networks, you should use either the tensorflow or pytorch libraries. Please consult us first if you have some compelling reason to use a different library.

## Posters

We already did one poster session at the start of the course. It would be nice to see the ideas that you used to generate your data.
Please let us know if you are willing to present your results in an informal poster session.
We will contact a few people to present. (Maybe 4 to 6.)

## Submission

Please submit the neural_network_agent.py file containing your agent, as well as any files it needs to initialise the neural network you trained.
